Hey everyone, it's Jen Kramer,
welcome to getting started with
CSS here at Front End masters.
And today we are gonna be building a two
page website using only HTML and CSS.
And it's going to be a portfolio site.
Now, before I go get into all of that,
in terms of prerequisites and
what we're going to do today and
our scheduled and so forth.
Let's just address what I just said.
We're going to build a two page
website using only HTML and CSS.
Why on earth might we
want to do this in 2021?
And that would be a really
great question to ask.
There's lots of issues building
websites with only HTML and CSS.
We have issues of maintainability
of making changes across all of our
individual static pages have efficiencies
of code have all kinds of other things.
You can come up with for objections.
But I want you to think of this
project in the following way.
I'm sure many of you
have been camping before.
You probably live in a very nice home or
a very nice apartment.
You have heat in air conditioning you
have food in your refrigerator or
you can call an order takeout.
But yet, we still occasionally at
least some of us like to go camping.
Depriving ourselves of all of those modern
conveniences to get out out into nature.
And enjoy a very basic style of living.
That is the way I want you to
think about this project today.
If you build a website and
only HTML and CSS,
you are forced to concentrate
on those particular skills.
You can't rely on some framework
to write the code for you.
You're not relying on some
kind of versioning system or
anything that runs on a command line or
all of the other various complications.
That we like to add to our
modern web development.
All of which might make perfect sense when
you're building a site for production.
But here today, we're gonna work
on our HTML and our CSS skills.
And so we're gonna strip everything
down to an absolute minimum.
So that is the philosophy
of what we are doing today.
This course is going to be appropriate for
beginning beginners.
It's also probably pretty appropriate for
a lot of junior developers who might not
have gotten a lot of HTML and
CSS training in your coding boot camp.
And I bet even a few of you senior
developers will enjoy going back through
this course reviewing some of the HTML and
CSS concepts.
That you might have forgotten over time.